Immersive Analytics

Coursework from UCSC CMPM 290A, Fall 2018

HW1

	Q1: Observe and describe a variety of experiences
	where you feel particularly immersed?

  	A1: I feel immersed while driving. It requires active
	attention to the road and immediate surroundings. Not
	only is the movement of the car I'm driving important,
	but also all the other vehicles around me. When no other
	cars around slowing me down, I have to be careful not
	to drive too fast above the speed limit. Another consideration
	is fuel economy, as the less gas I use the less often
	I need to fill the tank.

	
	Creating music is another immersive experience. Many
	elements must come together rhythmically and sonically.
	Sometimes when playing an instrument or mixing in a DAW
	I enter a state of flow. Solving coding problems is another
	activity where I can feel immersed and within a state of flow,
	driven by determination.
	
	
  
  	Q2: Observe and describe times when you are engaged
	in some forms of analyzing.
  
	A2: Shopping is an activity that lends itself to analysis.
	When I want to buy a product that is expensive, I like to
	weigh all my options. Cost is usually always the main factor,
	but so is quality. On most sites there is a rating system, which
	is useful at first glance, but reading the product reviews
	can uncover potential dealbreakers. When I am buying food and
	looking to save money, I try to go for a high calorie to cost
	ratio. Usually I try to plan dinner ahead of time, and when I buy
	groceries I will buy the things I need when they are on sale,
	and for certain things, I will buy the generic over the the name brand.
	 
HW2 

	Write a short response describing the experience,
	the interactions, the visuals, the sounds.
	What did you like or not like? What aspects felt realistic,
	interesting, immersive, engaging, off-putting, …?
	Does VR provide you with something that can not be
	replicated in more common media formats?

	I found myself immersed within a Salvador Dali painting
	in the VR application “Dreams of Dali.” This VR application
	took me straight into Dali’s imagination. There was not much
	to interact with, but I was able to stand and observe the space 
	- much like in an art gallery or exhibit, and jump to other locations.
	The sounds were ethereal and dreamlike. The visuals were
	grandiose - elephants with incredibly long legs walking
	in the desert, two towers reaching the sky. At one point
	I was able to stand at the edge and look down from the top
	of one of these towers. The sense of scale was enormous,
	which I believe is not necessarily lacking in his original paintings,
	but lacks a visceral quality that VR is able to provide.


HW3 

	PechaKucha slides
 

Project 1: VR Google Map Location History Data
	Source code

Project 2: IGM-Vis
	Slides 
    	Description
	Prototype
	https://github.com/CreativeCodingLab/Intergalactic
